README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://pixelfed.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/logos/pixelfed-full-color.svg" width="300px"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/pixelfed/pixelfed"><img src="https://circleci.com/gh/pixelfed/pixelfed.svg?style=svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pixelfed/pixelfed"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/pixelfed/pixelfed/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pixelfed/pixelfed"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/pixelfed/pixelfed/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Introduction

A free and ethical photo sharing platform, powered by ActivityPub federation.

<p align="center">
<img src="https://pixelfed.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/media/pixelfed-screenshot.jpg">
</p>

## Official Documentation

Documentation for Pixelfed can be found on the [Pixelfed documentation website](https://docs.pixelfed.org/).

## License

Pixelfed is open-sourced software licensed under the AGPL license.

## Communication

The ways you can communicate on the project are below. Before interacting, please
read through the [Code Of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

* Mastodon: [@pixelfed@mastodon.social](https://mastodon.social/@pixelfed)
* E-mail: [hello@pixelfed.org](mailto:hello@pixelfed.org)

## Pixelfed Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Pixelfed development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the Pixelfed [Patreon Page](https://www.patreon.com/dansup/overview)

- [NLnet Foundation](https://nlnet.nl) and [NGI0
Discovery](https://nlnet.nl/discovery/), part of the [Next Generation
Internet](https://ngi.eu) initiative.

Commit message:

Added “Run on YunoHost”
Pixelfed is super simple to self-host even for people with limited technical skills, thanks to YunoHost. Such a great advantage (which very few Fediverse social media have) should be made more visible, as in the [Wallabag repository](https://github.com/wallabag/wallabag#run-on-yunohost '“Run on YunoHost“ on Wallabag README on GitHub')

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://pixelfed.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/logos/pixelfed-full-color.svg" width="300px"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/pixelfed/pixelfed"><img src="https://circleci.com/gh/pixelfed/pixelfed.svg?style=svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pixelfed/pixelfed"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/pixelfed/pixelfed/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/pixelfed/pixelfed"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/pixelfed/pixelfed/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Introduction

A free and ethical photo sharing platform, powered by ActivityPub federation.

<p align="center">
<img src="https://pixelfed.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/media/pixelfed-screenshot.jpg">
</p>

## Official Documentation

Documentation for Pixelfed can be found on the [Pixelfed documentation website](https://docs.pixelfed.org/).

## Run on YunoHost

[![Install on YunoHost](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42862428/139559471-9495f1e9-e7a4-49f1-9a4b-675ddcc510a2.png 'Install on YunoHost')](https://install-app.yunohost.org/?app=pixelfed)

Pixelfed app for [YunoHost](https://yunohost.org 'YunoHost'). See [the package source code](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/pixelfed_ynh 'pixelfed_ynh repository on GitHub')

## License

Pixelfed is open-sourced software licensed under the AGPL license.

## Communication

The ways you can communicate on the project are below. Before interacting, please
read through the [Code Of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

* Mastodon: [@pixelfed@mastodon.social](https://mastodon.social/@pixelfed)
* E-mail: [hello@pixelfed.org](mailto:hello@pixelfed.org)

## Pixelfed Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Pixelfed development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the Pixelfed [Patreon Page](https://www.patreon.com/dansup/overview)

- [NLnet Foundation](https://nlnet.nl) and [NGI0
Discovery](https://nlnet.nl/discovery/), part of the [Next Generation
Internet](https://ngi.eu) initiative.
